docs(agentic-ai): add Processes MCP Server documentation (#8780)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/processes-mcp/processes-mcp-version-binding.md

---
id: processes-mcp-version-binding
title: "Version binding"
sidebar_label: "Version binding"

> description: "How the Processes MCP Server exposes process versions, and what happens when a process is redeployed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Understand how the Processes MCP Server handles process version binding, stale tool references after redeployment, and best practices for managing breaking changes."
```

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understand how the Processes MCP Server handles process version binding, stale tool references after redeployment, and best practices for managing breaking changes.
```
Adding a one-sentence SEO-optimized summary
